I said that we're using a state management
library because we want to persist our
onboarding state.
So right now, we are not persisting our
onboarding state, it is still in memory.
So, if we refresh or reload the app,
it's going to reset back to
the default value in our userStore.
We want to use AsyncStorage to
persist this across app launches.
And most state management libraries,
I would dare say all state management
libraries, that work with React Native
have some kind of an adapter that
allows you to use AsyncStorage,
to persist the state across app launches.
And this is the case with Redux,
with the stand with your tie, so
let's install AsyncStorage.
>> Kadi Kraman: I will just start
my bundle again, npx expo start.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so in our userStore,
we need to update this
to add the persister.
And one thing that I'll say about Zustand,
I find this API very
difficult to add dynamically.
But basically we need
to import AsyncStorage,
I will copy this import cuz
I`m not gonna type it out.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so
import AsyncStorage, and
then we need to import persist and
createJSONStorage.
>> Kadi Kraman: From,
this is ``zustand/middleware``, okay?
So the way this is added here
is a little bit confusing, but,
basically, I'm gonna remove
this type from here for now.
So, the persist will be a function around
this function that we passed into create.
So, let's do persist instead, and
we'll need a brace, and
we'll close the brace.
And the type of UserStore now goes into
brackets next to persist, there we go.
And now, this persist actually takes two
arguments, one is the store, and then
the second is a config object describing
how to persist it across launches.
So here, we've got the right bracket,
I think it's here,
we'll do an object, so
we'll give it a name.
So this is the same as if
you did the inter-course,
we use the key to persist in AsyncStorage.
This is exactly the same, so this is
the key that's going to be passed into
the AsyncStorage, so,
let's call it ``plantly-user-store``.
And then storage,
this is where we're going to use our
AsyncStorage, so we createJSONStorage.
So this was the import from
the Zustand/middleware,
and this will be a function and
we just call AsyncStorage, okay?
Hopefully I got this right, I will say
this against Zustand, I find making
this into a persister quite tedious,
there's a lot of prepping and brackets.
Anyway, now it is done, so
our default value is false, so
let's finish onboarding, and
now if I reload, I'm still in the app.
So, now if I go back to onboarding and
then reload, you can see that it's
persisted this bullion for whether or
not we've finished onboarding.
So it's saved on your device storage.